Add feature to retry process killing after specified duration (#208)
sindresorhus/execa: readme.md

	}
	*/
}

> // Killing a spawned process gently, then with more force

Reviewer: I think the three comments could be summarized in just one, such as:

```suggestion
// If the following spawned process is not terminated by `SIGTERM`, `SIGKILL` will automatically be sent after 2 seconds.
```

Author: Fixed: 
* 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827
* 233e222679fcbce4b1547370bffcd5bffe32c7c4

const subprocess = execa('node'); // Lets assume node doesn't react to SIGTERM
setTimeout(() => {

> 	subprocess.kill('SIGKILL', {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subprocess.kill('SIGTERM', {
```

Author: Oh, this totally slipped. :s

Fixed: 
* 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827
* 233e222679fcbce4b1547370bffcd5bffe32c7c4

	}
	*/
}

> // Kill a process with SIGTERM and after 2 seconds, kill it with SIGKILL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Kill a process with SIGTERM, and after 2 seconds, kill it with SIGKILL
```

Author: Done.

> // Kill a  process with SIGTERM and after 2 seconds, kill it  with SIGKILL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Kill a process with SIGTERM and after 2 seconds, kill it with SIGKILL
```

Author: Done: a210520fe3c1eb122dc700dcca67439cf2ce4c90

const subprocess = execa('node');
setTimeout(() => {
	subprocess.kill('SIGTERM', {

> 		retryAfter: 2000,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		retryAfter: 2000
```

Author: Done: 4d249ddc25e495ce596a35af03fe406694ceefdf

The spawned process can be canceled with the `.cancel()` method on the promise, which causes the promise to reject an error with a `.isCanceled = true` property, provided the process gets canceled. The process will not be canceled if it has already exited.

> The spawned process can be killed with `.kill([signal], [options])` which allows you to retry the process killing at a later time (default: after 5 seconds)

Reviewer: Maybe this should be rephrased to emphasize:
  - the retry is automatically done
  - it does not "try" to kill, it forces it

Author: Fixed: 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827

Returns a [`child_process` instance](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_class_childprocess) which:
  - is also a `Promise` resolving or rejecting with a [`childProcessResult`](#childProcessResult).
  - exposes the following additional methods and properties.

> The spawned process can be canceled with the `.cancel()` method on the promise, which causes the promise to reject an error with a `.isCanceled = true` property, provided the process gets canceled. The process will not be canceled if it has already exited.

Reviewer: This was removed in previous commits. It probably appeared because of the rebase, but you can safely remove it.

Author: Done: e2d589df448152eefd4eac35c845dc2d4460af69

> The spawned process can be killed with `.kill([signal], [options])` which allows you to retry the process killing at a later time (default: after 5 seconds)

Reviewer: This can be removed as well, because the `kill()` method description should follow right away.

Author: Done: e2d589df448152eefd4eac35c845dc2d4460af69

  - is also a `Promise` resolving or rejecting with a [`childProcessResult`](#childProcessResult).
  - exposes the following additional methods and properties.

#### kill([signal], [options])

> Same as the original [`child_process.kill()`](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_subprocess_kill_signal) except: if `signal` is `SIGTERM` (the default value) and the child process is not terminated after 5 seconds, force it by sending `SIGKILL`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same as the original [`child_process#kill()`](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_subprocess_kill_signal), except if `signal` is `SIGTERM` (the default value) and the child process is not terminated after 5 seconds, force it by sending `SIGKILL`.
```

Author: Done: 4d249ddc25e495ce596a35af03fe406694ceefdf

##### options.retry

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `true`

> If the first signal does not terminate the child after a specified timout, a `SIGKILL` will be sent to the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the first signal does not terminate the child after a specified timeout, a `SIGKILL` signal will be sent to the process.
```

Author: Done: 4d249ddc25e495ce596a35af03fe406694ceefdf

> ##### options.retryAfter

Reviewer 2: I think `retryAfter` => `forceKillAfter` would be clearer.

Reviewer: We should rename `retry` to `forceKill` as well. It actually is not really a "retry" since we are somewhat guaranteed to succeed.

Author: Done: 57a54749eda4a6cc4013f31dda7adcc34dcd1f80

> Type: `string | number`<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type: `number`<br>
```

Author: Done.

> Default: `5000`

Reviewer 2: What considerations were given for having 5000 as the default?

Reviewer: Originally @zokker13 had it as `2000`. I suggested `5000` because I feel like 2 seconds is not enough to do proper shutdown of some processes. E.g. some servers need to perform some network requests before properly closing.

But that's an edge case, so this sounds good if you want a much smaller default value. Which one do you have in mind?

> How long to wait for the child process to terminate before sending `SIGKILL`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Milliseconds to wait for the child process to terminate before sending a `SIGKILL` signal.
```

Author: Done: 4d249ddc25e495ce596a35af03fe406694ceefdf

If `true`, no quoting or escaping of arguments is done on Windows. Ignored on other platforms. This is set to `true` automatically when the `shell` option is `true`.

### child_process.kill([signal], [options])

Same as the original [`child_process.kill()`](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_subprocess_kill_signal) except: if `signal` is `SIGTERM` (the default value) and the child process is not terminated after 5 seconds, force it by sending `SIGKILL`.

#### options.retry

Type: `boolean`<br>

> Default: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `true`
```

Author: Done: 772cfd2e28e70ed3b902e10599bdc38a809939e5

If the first signal does not terminate the child after a specified timout, a `SIGKILL` will be sent to the process.

#### options.retryAfter

Type: `string | number`<br>

> Default: 5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5000
```

Author: Done: 772cfd2e28e70ed3b902e10599bdc38a809939e5

If `true`, no quoting or escaping of arguments is done on Windows. Ignored on other platforms. This is set to `true` automatically when the `shell` option is `true`.

### child_process.kill([signal], [options])

You may kill the child process with this function. It is slightly different that the original function.

> This one allows you to kill the process with `SIGTERM` and after a specified timeout (5 seconds) a `SIGKILL` is invoked to ensure killing the process.

Reviewer: I think this could be simplified.

```suggestion
Same as the original [`child_process.kill()`](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_subprocess_kill_signal) except: if `signal` is `SIGTERM` (the default value) and the child process is not terminated after 5 seconds, force it by sending `SIGKILL`.
```

Author: Fixed: 
* 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827
* 233e222679fcbce4b1547370bffcd5bffe32c7c4

#### options.retry

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: true

> Tells the kill to start a second attemp to kill.

Reviewer: `Tells the kill to start` is a little confusing to me. Also "attempt" has a typo. 

Maybe instead: If the first signal does not terminate the child process, tries again using `SIGKILL`.

> Tells the kill to start a second attemp to kill.

Reviewer: Tells the kill to start is a little confusing to me. Also "attempt" has a typo.

```suggestion
If the first signal does not terminate the child process, tries again using SIGKILL.
```

Author: Fixed: 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827

#### options.retryAfter

Type: `string | number`<br>
Default: 5000

> Specifies a timeout in ms. This one defines the delay until you try to kill the pocess again.

Reviewer: "pocess" has a typo. "This one" might not be needed. Also "you try" implies the user needs to retry, but the retry is automatic.

```suggestion
How long to wait for the child process to terminate before sending `SIGKILL`.
```

Author: Fixed: 2fb0ae0a7664c4c240d3ae9f764b6b0976549827

If `true`, no quoting or escaping of arguments is done on Windows. Ignored on other platforms. This is set to `true` automatically when the `shell` option is `true`.

> ### child_process.kill([signal], [options])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### kill([signal], [options])
```

This should be moved just before `cancel()` in the `README`. That section is about the methods of the returned `child_process`, i.e. only the method name needs to be mentioned.

Author: Done: e2d589df448152eefd4eac35c845dc2d4460af69

If `true`, no quoting or escaping of arguments is done on Windows. Ignored on other platforms. This is set to `true` automatically when the `shell` option is `true`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Don't do unrelated changes.
